---
layout: post
title: Home
date: 2019-04-26 00:00:00
image: /uploads/1st-post-cover-1-1.png
cover: /uploads/1st-post-cover.jpg
tags:
  - Home
  - Lifestyle
  - Decoration
---

Home.

A safe shelter and a comfort zone.

Home is the feeling of having the sheets warm when the clock rings, early in the morning. It's two toothbrushes in the bathroom. Our picture in the lobby and the sound of his keys opening the door at the end of the day.

Home is the ring bell singing and friends coming for over dinner. 

Home is a blanket and a cup of tea. The feeling of peace and quiet on a cozy, rainy Sunday; the feeling of relief when you pull into the driveway after a long day of work. The feeling that you are almost there. Home is a quiet kiss on your neck, right before falling asleep, it's the warmth of hugs and a kiss of goodbye.

Home is wherever family and friends gather for new memories. Home is total acceptance. Your safest place, your sanctuary, where you can be unclothed, both emotionally and physically.

Home is where the rugs of your life turn into quilts and lemons become lemonade.

Home is the sun coming through the kitchen window every morning, it's my boyfriend at the counter making breakfast as we leave already late for work. It’s our neighbours’ dog watching us through their windows and us guessing what they are cooking for dinner through ours.

Home is a Saturday morning ritual: one lazy hour when walls get that smell of pastries, cheese and tea as we lose perception of time while watching the world from our bed.

Home is certainty in an uncertain world.

Houses get bought and sold but a home stays with us through time. And whether our houses are big or small, fancy or modest, they are shelters and sanctuaries for that precious little thing called time.

Welcome to my home. Have a seat and let's learn together\!